-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-
Shine those lights!
-Let's go! Lock it down!
-I got it!
Watch out! Brace!
It's a big one!
Man! Oh. no!
We're getting
hammered out here!
Everything up!
Nets coming up!
- Bring it in!
- Steady!
Pull!
-What the hell?
- Is there somethin'
in there?
It's big!
It-- It's moving!
-[Xander] Chris!
-[Chris] No! It's right there!
Chris! Let's take 'em out!
Shark?
That ain't no shark!
Xander? You see it?
It's over there!
Come on. come on.
where are you at?
Show yourself.
Oh! Chris! Watch out!
-Comin' around!
Goin' your way. Cal!
Calvin. head it off!
In the hold!
Get it down there!
-Get it down there!
-[creature shrieks]
What the hell is it?
-Oh. Xander!
-[Xander] Chris.
-God. Xander!
-Chris!
Oh. God!
Come on!
He's lost
a lot of blood. but...
Tamp it down.
Get in there good and tight.
[groaning]
This is the North Star.
vessel number 53422N.
I have a crew member
in need of immediate
medical evacuation. Over.
Nature of injury?
-Bite to the abdomen.
severe blood loss. Over.
What bit him?
I--
I got no idea.
What is it?
Secure.
Let's see what you
caught tonight. Captain.
What I caught is none
of your business!
You're just here
for my injured crewman.
Of course.
We'll be needing him
as well.
Let's go!
Now then. Captain...
I'm entitled
to that catch!
Let's go!
[college girl]
Look what we found!
Margaritas!
Whoo!
Do you want
a pretzel?!
It was more
than 150 years ago
when a local fishing captain.
Charles H. Pownall.
fell in love with a mermaid
in these very waters.
enchanted by
her beautiful Siren song.
I love you. fisherman.
I love you. mermaid.
But one day.
he went to the bay.
and his mermaid was gone
back to her home
in the sea.
never to return.
And that is how.
thanks to Charles H. Pownall.
Bristol Cove became
the Mermaid Capital
of the World.
Wow. Thank you.
That was my great-great-great-
grandfather depicted there.
so as you can see.
our family goes back
a long ways in Bristol Cove.
Now please allow me to introduce
my beautiful wife Elaine
and our two wonderful sons.
Doug and Ben.
It seems. uh.
Ben may have been caught up
in the parade traffic.
but I can assure you
he is here in spirit.
So to all the good people
of Bristol Cove.
it is our great honor
to bestow this monument
to one of our town's
founding fathers.
Charles H. Pownall.
-Where the hell's Ben? Hmm?
-[camera clicking]
♪ Now I don't know ♪
♪ What tomorrow brings ♪
♪ But I know one day ♪
♪ I'll get what I need ♪
Hola! How'd it go?
Rescued a Steller.
She's in pretty bad shape.
She's tagged.
She's one of ours.
Where'd you find her?
Out by Scott's Point.
That's pretty far.
Yeah. about 30 miles
outside her usual range.
Probably looking for food.
Don't worry. girl.
We're gonna take
good care of you.
Come on.
She's starving out there.
It's a good thing
we went out today.
Not sure your dad
would agree with that.
Well. I'll add that
to the list of things
we don't agree on.
Like you and me
being together?
Hey. Look. if I did
everything my dad told me.
well. I'd be my brother.
You want to come
over later?
I promised my dad
I'd make him dinner.
Third time this week?
Lucky guy.
He needs me.
He'd be at the drive-thru
every night if I didn't cook.
Seriously. it's disturbing.
I could come by after
for dessert.
Spend the night?
If you want me to.
What do you think?
Hey. man.
Thought you guys were
out past Bowers Ridge.
You're back early.
Yeah. I need to talk to you
about something.
All right.
Boys.
We said keep
this between us.
Don't tell anybody.
Ben knows about this stuff.
all right?
He can help us.
He's one of us.
He wasn't
on the boat with us.
He doesn't fish
with us no more.
We caught somethin'
out there.
I mean.
it's just somethin' we...
we ain't never seen before.
It attacked Chris.
He had
to get airlifted out.
big-ass military
commando helicopter.
Navy SEALs.
the whole deal.
CG says they have
no record of the evac.
like it never happened.
He's just gone.
What do you mean
he's gone?
You really don't know
what attacked him?
A mermaid?
It didn't
look like that. okay?
This...
this was a predator.
Okay. that was a good one.
Yeah. very. very well done.
You almost had me there.
Dude. this is real.
Hey. why else would they
take it from us. huh?
Wait.
Here. Look.
Okay.
Xander. man.
this could be anything.
I don't know
what you call it.
but. trust me. it's not
what you think it is.
We had a report
six weeks ago.
Japanese fishermen claimed
they saw a sea creature
off the Kuril Islands.
Then some carcasses
washed ashore in Alaska
with strange bite marks
all over them.
Then five days ago.
our research vessel
picked up unidentified
frequencies coming
from the Bering Strait.
We knew something
was out there.
That's when I alerted
your people.
And you're sure this is
what you think it is?
Well. Admiral...
-...why don't you
judge for yourself?
Good morning. dear.
Your father is
terribly angry with you.
Good morning to you. too.
Anthony?
I don't give a rat's ass
if your father's angry.
A lot of things
make him angry.
like the fact that a woman
who can't walk
insists
on buying $600 shoes.
-You know what he called
me the other day?
-What?
Bitch on wheels.
That's actually pretty funny.
I thought so. too.
Do you know why it was okay?
Because it was
behind closed doors.
Family rule--
you can say whatever the hell
awful thing you want in private.
but in public...
This is a face that keeps
Mommy in nice shoes.
I get it.
No. I don't think you do.
Because if you did.
you'd show up.
You would flash
that famous Pownall charm.
and you wouldn't leave
your father up on stage
with his pants
around his ankles.
You know what. Mom?
If you guys want
to put a show on
for the whole town.
that's your business.
but I...
I don't want anything
to do with it.
I got other things
to worry about.
The spawning habits
of a bunch of plankton
are more important
than family.
That's not what I'm saying.
And I really
don't want to have
this conversation again.
Ben. I need this family
to keep working.
And I'm not willing
to suffer for nothing.
Okay. I hear you.
Doug tells me that
you're hot and heavy
with Maddie Bishop.
Yeah. we're dating.
You always had a thing
for the wild girls.
I gotta get
some stuff done.
Always had a thing
for the wild girls. huh?
I'm sorry.
She didn't know
you were in here.
So if it weren't
for your brother.
she wouldn't even know
we were seeing each other?
Believe me.
with my family.
nothing good
ever comes from sharing.
You never know.
Your mom and I might
actually hit it off.
Yeah. you might be right.
I mean. you're
exactly the kind of girl
she'd want me to be with.
Oh. yeah?
What kind of girl is that?
Beautiful.
Smart.
Funny.
Passionate.
And that smile
that could power
a small city.
Ah. yes.
Ah. that famous
Pownall charm.
[rock music playing]
Mm! No. dude. Aberdeen.
The best weed is in Aberdeen.
Seriously gourmet Kush.
Even my mom likes it.
I don't remember him being
such a burner in high school.
Yeah. that was
more your crowd. right?
Oh. all right. golden boy.
Hey. I'll be back
in a minute.
Okay.
I swear I'm gonna kill you
if you go out too far!
Hey.
You okay?
You're not seriously pissed
at me. are you?
I shouldn't have told you.
Should have known better.
Think about what
you're asking me to believe.
I get it.
You don't come out
on the boat
with us anymore.
You weren't there.
They took Chris.
They don't want people
to know about this.
Look. I don't know
what happened to Chris.
Maybe he's
in a military hospital.
We're gonna find him. Xan.
This isn't part
of some huge cover-up.
and it's not because
of some mythical creature
that you guys think
that you caught.
So you're telling me
you know everything
-there is to know about--
-No. of course not!
Then look me in the eye
and you tell me
that maybe-- maybe there
is something down there
that we haven't
seen before.
-Xan...
-Just--
Just do it.
Okay.
Sure.
95% of the oceans
remain unexplored.
So it could happen?
Xander. man. I love you.
You know that.
But as a friend.
I'm telling you.
you gotta stop
talking like this.
What would it take?
Hmm?
For you to believe me?
I'd have to see one.
That's it.
That's exactly right.
We gotta catch another one.
Lucas. get back here!
Shark! Shark! Shark!
Aah! Aah!
Shark!
What are you thinking?
I can't even believe it.
It's disgusting.
This damage definitely
wasn't inflicted
by an orca.
The bite radius
is way too small.
So what then?
Well.
it's not another shark.
There are
a million explanations.
Okay?
Caught in a boat prop.
sea lion bit the carcass?
What if there's
a new predator out there?
One that we haven't
seen before?
That can rip the head
clean off a mako shark?
Then I might have to cancel
my scuba trip next weekend.
[music playing]
♪ Always walkin'
a vicious circle ♪
♪ Oh. me ♪
Hey!
Are you okay?
Do you need help?
Is she having
trouble breathing?
No. no. no.
her breathing's fine.
Uh. a little heavy.
Okay. I'll head out now.
Are you sure?
I mean. I'm happy
to drive her
down to the hospital
in Port Angeles.
It's okay. Ben.
I'll meet you at your place.
Okay. All right.
I'll see you there.
Thanks. Dr. Abbott.
Sorry.
that's all I had.
Littleneck clam.
From Malakh Bay.
You gonna say something?
Now. I can help you.
If you need
to get back somewhere.
You don't have to talk.
That must be the--
the doctor.
Evening. Benjamin.
She's in here.
And kind of weird.
Okay.
She was right here.
Slippery one. huh?
Give it to me?
Uh. I think I'll keep it.
Come inside!
Have a look!
The only real mermaid
artifacts in town!
Come inside! Have a look!
Maybe buy something
while you're--
-Sorry. sorry. sorry.
Ms. Hawkins.
There was a girl
just here.
You saw her?
Yeah. it looked like
you were talking to her.
I-- I didn't see anyone.
Hey. Dad.
-Hey.
-Good day at the office?
You know Chris Mueller?
Crews
on Sean McClure's boat.
Yeah. I know him.
Got a call from his parents.
Said he was medevaced
by a military chopper
off Sean's boat in the strait.
and now they can't find him.
Got me calling every base
from here to Alaska
looking for him.
There's nothing.
-So far.
-What do you think happened?
I don't know.
Creator. for this food
and for You.
we give thanks.
And for Susan.
may she find peace
on her journey
and within herself
and find her way back home.
It's been eight months
since we've heard from her.
Might be time
to start dropping her
from the blessings.
I believe your mother
is being guided.
Crash!
♪ I am Ryn ♪
♪ And I live in the sea ♪
I... am... Ryn.
Hello. Ryn.
Hello. miss.
I see you there.
I... am... Ryn.
Not from around here.
are you?
What you got?
Helicopter?
[imitating
rotor blade chopping]
So. uh.
you need a ride. huh?
I'm headin'
down to Aberdeen.
Okay.
There'll be no strings
to bind your hands ♪
♪ Not if my love
can't bind your heart ♪
Not much
of a talker. huh?
That's okay.
It's nice just to have
the company.
Sometimes I'll pick up
a hitcher.
but. uh.
they're mostly dudes.
Not a pretty little thing
like you.
[chuckling]
You like
your little toy. huh?
♪ It was what I wanted now ♪
♪ If morning's echoes
say we've sinned ♪
♪ Well. it was
what I wanted now ♪
♪ And if we're victims
of the night ♪
♪ I won't be blinded
by the light ♪
Hmm?
♪ Just call me angel ♪
You're like a little girl.
A pretty little girl
who don't know how to talk.
♪ Just touch my cheek
before you... ♪
Now. I bet
your mama told you.
"Don't get into cars
with strangers."
But you didn't listen.
Mm-mmm.
You're a little rebel. huh?
Yeah.
♪ Then slowly turn away ♪
♪ I won't beg you to... ♪
Your skin's all dry.
You ought to put
some cream on that.
make it nice and soft.
Isn't that what you're
lookin' for? Huh?
A little adventure?
Little girl.
runnin' away from home. huh?
Gettin' in a big man's car.
Yeah.
♪ Ba-a-a-by ♪
♪ Just call me angel ♪
-♪ Of the morning. angel ♪
-♪ Just touch my cheek ♪
♪ Before you leave me ♪
♪ Darlin' ♪
♪ Just call me angel
of the morning. angel ♪
♪ Just touch my cheek
before you leave me ♪
♪ Darlin' ♪
Okay. guys.
we're gonna go this way.
Stay together. please.
Watch your steps.
This is not a zoo.
This is a research
and rescue center
for the many marine mammals
that inhabit our region.
We're able to offer
veterinary care.
perform surgical procedures.
and administer medication.
What are all the TVs for?
Those are so we can
keep an eye on our animals
and what they're doing.
both in an out of the water.
Yeah?
When you were a kid.
did you know you wanted
to work here?
Actually. it was
a couple of years ago.
I saw a video of a baby dolphin
that had washed ashore.
Instead of helping it.
the people on the beach
passed it around taking
their picture with it.
Even after it died.
they kept taking selfies.
That video made me sad.
and I wanted to do something.
so I came here to volunteer.
Now it's my job.
You might be wondering
what our animals like to eat.
Our fish shake--
a delicious blend
of herring and cod.
with various nutrients
mixed in as well.
Would anyone like a taste?
No!
-No way.
Okay. guys.
we're gonna head outside.
- Whoa!
-Whoa!
-Once our animals
have received the medical
care they need.
they come out here
to recover and prepare
for their journey
back to the wild.
This is Sitka and Hazy.
What's going on?
I'm not sure.
Everyone. come with me. Now.
It was her! She did it!
Come on!
We meet again.
It's okay.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I can help you.
My name is Ben.
Friend.
I am Ryn.
Ryn.
Okay.
Good.
It's nice to meet you.
-Where are you from?
Hey.
-You're sick.
Now. can I see?
We have medication here.
We can help you.
The night we met.
you sang a song.
I can't get it
out of my head.
Everywhere I go...
I hear it.
Oh. hey.
Um. everything's
back to normal out there.
Not sure what
that was all about.
[coughing]
This is Ryn.
I don't think
she speaks English.
Is she okay?
I'm not sure.
I was gonna call
Doc Abbott.
Yeah.
Yeah. you should.
You okay?
Yeah. I guess.
She's just...
She's a little strange.
You want me to stay?
No. You got your class.
It's okay.
No. I don't want you
to miss it.
Okay. It's getting dark.
I'm gonna
lock down the pens.
I love you.
Love you. too.
I'm gonna call
a doctor for you.
Okay?
Yeah. I'm pretty sure
we've got some of that.
Bye. Thanks. Doc.
I'll see you in a bit.
-Whoa. easy there. Easy.
What happened?
Apparently
one of the sea lions
didn't like the herring
you served him for dinner.
You should stay
lying down. okay?
Where is she?
Ah. yes.
your mystery date.
Ben. I've know you
and your family
a long time.
Is there something
you're not telling me?
Ms. Hawkins!
Hello!
Ms. Hawkins.
That girl yesterday.
I know you saw her.
You said you didn't.
but I know you did.
You know something
about her.
Come in.
What is it
you think I know?
That she's one of them.
I saw it. tonight.
What did you see?
She changed in the water.
Just like this.
When we were kids.
we'd come in here.
and you'd tell us stories
about the mermaids.
We were always told
that they were
just tall tales.
not to believe you.
But they weren't made up.
were they?
They were true.
I don't get it.
You want people
to know the truth.
Well. it's here!
It's happening!
What are you so afraid of
all of a sudden?
She do that to you?
In their natural state
in the water.
they see you as prey.
Their instinct is to kill.
Humans never understood that.
It caused a lot of misery.
What do you mean?
Your family's history
in this town
is bloodier than you know.
Your ancestor
lost his mind. obsessed.
He and
his shipmates slaughtered
those beautiful creatures
in cold blood.
Genocide.
That's your legacy.
Why don't you ask
your family about that?
What's wrong. Mads?
Just been trying
to get a hold of Ben.
He's not calling me back.
Well. I'm
sure he's just busy.
-See? There you go.
Hello?
Yeah. he's here.
For you.
It's Clarence.
Hey. Clarence. what's up?
Okay.
All right.
I'll be there.
What's going on?
They found a body.
Some guy
attacked in his car.
Don't worry.
He's gonna call you.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I'm coming with you.
-Dad?
-Yeah?
We got room
for one more?
♪ Open your eyes ♪
♪ You're scarin' me ♪
♪ And I know ♪
It's just like old times.
Yeah.
Maybe...
Maybe we catch one.
military
comes looking for us.
leads us to Chris.
Hey. we got somethin'.
Wow. it's big.
It's moving fast.
Port side.
Show yourself.
I know
you're out there.
Whoa. whoa. look!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today